Update .NET SDK docs (Catnip) (#337)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/dotnet.md

| `IsDefaultValue`                  | `bool`                               | True when the default value passed to `GetValueDetails()`/`GetValueDetailsAsync()` is returned due to an error. |
| `ErrorMessage`                    | `string`                             | In case of an error, this field contains the error message.                                                     |
| `ErrorException`                  | `Exception`                          | In case of an error, this field contains the related exception object (if any).                                 |

> | `MatchedTargetingRule`            | `ITargetingRule`                     | The targeting rule which was used to select the evaluated value (if any).                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MatchedTargetingRule`            | `ITargetingRule`                     | The targeting rule (if any) that matched during the evaluation and was used to return the evaluated value.                                       |
```

> | `MatchedPercentageOption`         | `IPercentageOption`                  | The percentage option which was used to select the evaluated value (if any).                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MatchedPercentageOption`         | `IPercentageOption`                  | The percentage option (if any) that was used to select the evaluated value.                                   |
```

| `Id`       | **REQUIRED.** Unique identifier of a user in your application. Can be any `string` value, even an email address.                |
| `Email`    | Optional parameter for easier targeting rule definitions.                                                                       |
| `Country`  | Optional parameter for easier targeting rule definitions.                                                                       |
| `Custom`   | Optional dictionary for custom attributes of a user for advanced targeting rule definitions. E.g. User role, Subscription type. |

```csharp
User userObject = new User("#UNIQUE-USER-IDENTIFIER#")
{
    Email = "john@example.com",
    Country = "United Kingdom",
    Custom =
    {
        ["SubscriptionType"] = "Pro",
        ["UserRole"] = "Admin"
    }
};
```

The `Custom` dictionary also allows attribute values other than `string` values:

```csharp
User userObject = new User("#UNIQUE-USER-IDENTIFIER#")
{
    Custom =
    {
        ["Rating"] = 4.5,
        ["RegisteredAt"] = DateTimeOffset.Parse("2023-11-22 12:34:56 +00:00", CultureInfo.InvariantCulture),
        ["Roles"] = new[] { "Role1", "Role2" }
    }
};
```

> The set of allowed attribute values depends on the comparison type of the condition which references the User Object attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of allowed attribute values depends on the comparators of the condition which references the User Object attribute.
```

Not sure about this

Author: "Comparator" would do as well. However, this text was copied from the SDK intellisense docs, which was approved already, so I wouldn't change this.

Reviewer: Need to discuss this with @z4kn4fein because then this naming will be copied to all SKDs which I really don't want.

Author: Reminder: after discussing this, we decided on the term "comparator".

`string` values are supported by all comparison types (in some cases they need to be provided in a specific format though).
Some of the comparison types work with other types of values, as described below.

> **Text-based comparisons** (EQUALS, IS ONE OF, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Text-based comparators** (EQUALS, IS ONE OF, etc.)
```

Again, not sure

Author: This text was copied from the SDK intellisense docs, which was approved already, so I wouldn't change this.

Reviewer: Same as above then :/

Author: Reminder: after discussing this, we decided on the term "comparator".

* accept `string` values,
* all other values are automatically converted to `string` (a warning will be logged but evaluation will continue as normal).

**SemVer-based comparisons** (IS ONE OF, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `string` values containing a properly formatted, valid semver value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).

**Number-based comparisons** (=, &lt;, &gt;=, etc.)
* accept `double` values and all other numeric values which can safely be converted to `double`,
* accept `string` values containing a properly formatted, valid `double` value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).
  

> **Date time-based comparisons** (BEFORE / AFTER - available only in the new config model, *Config V2*)

Reviewer: Not sure if we need to note the V2 availability.

Author: Me neither :) I added this because config V2 is not yet available so it might look weird to refer to some non-existent comparators.

Reviewer: Yeah, if this will be released earlier, we can remove the note later. Just I'm afraid that no one will remember.

Author: Reminder: after discussing this, we decided to remove this part until the related features become available on the dashboard.

* accept `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` values, which are automatically converted to a second-based Unix timestamp,
* accept `double` values representing a second-based Unix timestamp and all other numeric values which can safely be converted to `double`,
* accept `string` values containing a properly formatted, valid `double` value,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).
  
**String array-based comparisons** (ARRAY CONTAINS ANY OF / ARRAY NOT CONTAINS ANY OF - available only in the new config model, *Config V2*)
* accept arrays of `string`,
* accept `string` values containing a valid JSON string which can be deserialized to an array of `string`,
* all other values are considered invalid (a warning will be logged and the currently evaluated targeting rule will be skipped).

> It is also worth mentioning that in case a non-string attribute value needs to be converted to `string` during evaluation,

Reviewer: I don't get what's the point here.

Who needs to convert? Is it going to be converted automatically?

Author: Yep, this is about an automatic conversion and "during evaluation" are the key words here.

As we agreed recently, we drop the concept of User Object attribute helpers and allow users to pass non-string custom attribute values to the evaluation logic.

When a non-string custom attribute is used as the base of percentage options evaluation, we need to convert that attribute value to string (since it's included in the value fed to the hash function which calculates the hash buckets).

> it will always be done using the same format which is accepted by the comparisons.

Reviewer: Also unclear about what's going to happen.

Author: So, in cases described above an automatic conversion will happen (from whatever type to string). When it's an allowed value in user comparisons, the SDK will convert to the same string format which is accepted by the comparisons.

For example, when the custom attribute is a `Date` object, it will be converted to a string containing a number which represent the equivalent Unix timestamp.
